1
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
William Ewart Gladstone            
2
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
Maurice Switzer            
3
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Anonymous            
4
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn            
5
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did–in his sleep. Not yelling and screaming like the passengers in his car.
Bob Monkhouse            
6
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down “happy.” They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
Anonymous            
7
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead            
8
People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered. Love them anyway.
Kent M. Keith            
9
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fire.
François (VI) (Duc de La Rochefoucauld)            
10
The next time you’re faced with something that’s unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift.
Stacey Kramer            
11
To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.
Fred Shero            
12
A baby is God’s opinion that life should go on.
Carl Sandburg            
13
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
Milton Berle            
14
I believe in the sacredness of a promise, that a man’s word should be as good as his bond; that character — not wealth or power or position — is of supreme worth.
John D. Rockefeller (Jr.)            
15
Everything in moderation, including moderation.
Oscar Wilde            
16
Worry is like a rocking chair, it will give you something to do, but it won’t get you anywhere.
Vance Havner            
17
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Emo Philips            
18
I was out on a date recently and the guy took me horseback riding. That was kind of fun, until we ran out of quarters.
Susie Loucks            
19
The world is my country, all mankind are my brethren and to do good is my religion.
Thomas Paine            
20
I don’t feel threatened by people who ask questions. It’s those who refuse to answer them that frighten me.
Jason Bacchetta            
21
Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream.
Conan O’Brien            
22
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
Plato            
23
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far I’ve finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
Dave Barry            
24
The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later, you’re hungry again.
George Miller            
25
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
Doug Larson            
26
The odds of going to the store for a loaf of bread and coming out with only a loaf of bread are three billion to one.
Erma Bombeck            
27
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and just give her a house.
Rod Stewart            
28
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
Mark Twain            
29
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney            
30
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Leonardo da Vinci            
31
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Oscar Wilde            
32
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened.
Billy Graham            
33
Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you, but not in one ahead.
Bill McGlashen            
34
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
Rita Rudner            
35
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
Anonymous            
36
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
William Bruce Cameron            
37
I never took a day off in my twenties. Not one.
Bill Gates            
38
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vince Lombardi            
39
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Henry S. Haskins            
40
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before beginning to improve the world.
Anne Frank            
41
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle            
42
The same fence that shuts others out shuts you in.
Bill Copeland            
43
Waiting for perfect is never as smart as making progress.
Seth Godin            
44
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Steven Wright            
45
America is a country where half the money is spent buying food, and the other half is spent trying to lose weight.
Anonymous            
46
You see things; and you say “Why?” But I dream things that never were; and I say “Why not?”
George Bernard Shaw            
47
I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Dudley Field Malone            
48
We’ve all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Robert Wilensky            
49
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Washington Irving            
50
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Ralph Waldo Emerson            
51
People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.
Jerry Seinfeld            
52
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self-evident.
Arthur Schopenhauer            
53
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
Oscar Wilde            
54
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Lana Turner            
55
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
Charles Lamb            
56
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men! Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for powers equal to your tasks!
Phillips Brooks            
57
The conductor of an orchestra doesn’t make a sound. He depends, for his power, on his ability to make other people powerful.
Benjamin Zander            
58
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Brandi Snyder            
59
What we are is God’s gift to us. What we become is our gift to God.
Eleanor Powell            
60
The only way the French are going in is if we tell them we found truffles in Iraq.
Dennis Miller            
61
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing.
Anonymous            
62
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man’s habits and then complain that he’s not the man she married?
Barbra Streisand            
63
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
Anaïs Nin            
64
I knew a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
Johnny Carson            
65
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Jack Nicholson            
66
Misers aren’t fun to live with, but they make wonderful ancestors.
David Brenner            
67
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your children.
Sam Levenson            
68
It’s useless to hold a person to anything he says while he’s in love, drunk, or running for office.
Shirley MacLaine            
69
It wasn’t raining when Noah built the ark.
Howard Ruff            
70
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs . . . one step at a time.
Joe Girard            
71
Never tell your problems to anyone . . . 20% don’t care and the other 80% are glad you have them.
Lou Holtz            
72
There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas.
Susan Cain            
73
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Eleanor Roosevelt            
74
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Rodney Dangerfield            
75
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.
Martin Luther            
76
I am only one; but still I am one. I cannot do everything; but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do the something that I can do.
Edward Everett Hale            
77
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Truman Capote            
78
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Mark Twain            
79
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have; the older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Agatha Christie            
80
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
János Arany            
81
He, who will not reason, is a bigot; he, who cannot, is a fool; and he, who dares not, is a slave.
William Drummond            
82
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
Robert Orben            
83
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
Bethany Austin            
84
Don’t smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Leo Buscaglia            
85
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
José Maria de Eça de Queiroz            
86
At every party, there are two kinds of people–those who want to go home and those who don’t. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
Ann Landers            
87
Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Isaac Asimov            
88
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Margaret Fuller            
89
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Alan Kay            
90
If not us, who? If not now, when?
Hillel the Elder            
91
You know you’re getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you’re down there.
George Burns            
92
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland            
93
When opportunity knocks, some people are in the backyard looking for four-leaf clovers.
Polish Proverb            
94
A bargain is something you don’t need at a price you can’t resist.
Franklin Jones            
95
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Robert Brault            
96
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Roy L. Goodman            
97
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Anonymous            
98
The most dangerous poison is the feeling of achievement. The antidote is to every evening think what can be done better tomorrow.
Ingvar Kamprad            
99
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Helen Keller            
100
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Denis Waitley